my channel
to the red people of youtube welcome
again to my channel an apology for
not uploading video last week
Many people were asking me
sorry the clips could not be recorded but
there was a problem with the program
edition and could not climb but already
week I'm going to upload two videos of
today and they will upload one on Friday
let's make a palace
today he plays a position and next Friday he does not
They miss it so they can see what's going on and
thanks for watching it let's see it
let's accommodate the lights
on the edge of the cloth
and
because let's do one first let's
make the bullfight
ah
and we're going to start marking to cut
you have to let the fabric be at
backwards here we agreed previously
back but how will it go in
we're going to do what is the finger
of the back
if we are going to cut them I already had
marked the line of what I will want
that is crossed and we are going to cut
to later arm
we cut a strip of 7 centimeters to
that the pd 5 do what will remain
around the waist doing is like this already
I cut it
now let's cut the glory of
trousers
I 'm looking for pants here
the person to whom I'm going to do what
they want straight legs that's why
that is this way and we are going to cut it
even and of lester in this part of here
we're going to leave them as a fourth because
I'm going to make it below the
chest will not be around the waist going to
stay higher because this person
so
Now let's talk about where we are and
let's cut from here to down
because this part of the blanket that
down to be able to do this to be able to do it
from here we cut back the insurance
so they did not move because I put the
quadruple fabric specialists more
easy you do double only
it's easier to cut too
plus
with the pants
now let's join
now let's do the sewing the
sewing on the edge so you do not
I'm going to parade that although this cloth
I think he does not need
let's use the zigzag
and we're going to put it on the shore for
after doing the straight we make a
little more here to make it
the union this is the zig zag
this machine will have if you have this
sewing type
this nothing else are fixed what is the
traffic is the straight every machine is
different and now we're going to like
to one and the top part with the
down we are going to put a pin and I
what it is the sides of the of
that edits or
the top
to put it
can make the folds in between
because it's going to be explained
Y
and to be able to know then if we see
it is very little now we are going to make them
here we have just applied it and now
we go to the machine to pass the sewing
here after we're going to put a spring
to make the upload easier
now let's move
we are going to hit him 10 in what is everything
around in the back
and the sleeves and the neck
and to finish we have to unite the
short
so you do not see the dir the union
Y
and then let's take it
to finish nothing else let's join what
what is the wad with the back
remember that it is crossed then this
it's the left side and we're going to join it
the right
me to finally show them
and we have it finished
and we will teach them with our
model
this was all for today many
thanks for watching this video do not forget
hit like do not forget to subscribe
leave your comments below
and see you next Friday, chao